# Address Book

You have been hired to develop online address book. Below are the feature requirements

* The address book will display the name, phone number and address for each person in the H2 database. You will need to create a SpringBoot application to support the backend and an Angular frontend to display the information.

## Starter Project
We have provided a start project for each exercise that builds on each other to complete your application

## Requirements
For exercise 1 you will be creating two new classes, Person.java and PersonRepo.java. You will want to create new packages for each of these classes to help you organize your software. I typically like to use the package model for the entitys and repos for repository classes.

### Person

* Create a new class named Person.
* Add the following annotations directly above the class name


`@Entity`

`@Table(name = "addressbook")`
* Add an autogenerated unique ID for the class. This is used to locate the item in the database.


`@Id`

`@GeneratedValue(strategy = GenerationType.IDENTITY)`

`private long id`

* Create three String variables named, `name`, `phoneNumber`,`address`

Above each of these variables add the column annotation.

Example:

`@Column(name = "name")`

`private String name;`

* Add both the default constructor (takes no arguments) and another constructor that takes in `name`, `phoneNumber` and `address`.
* Add getter methods for `name`, `phoneNumber` and `address`.

## PersonRepo

* Create a new Interface name PersonRepo
* Make the new interface extend `JpaRepository<Person, Long>`. Inside the angle brackets include the Person class and Long. This tells the system that this repo will be used to store and retrieve Person objects.